Football match Strasbourg (Strasbourg, France) vs Angers (Angers, France) live stream watch online. Start on the February 05, 2025 at 19:45 UTC)

The first saw the Eagles shut out 19-0 amidst a torrential downpour, while the second was a runaway 52-27 win for the visitors. The series has been officially branded as part of the new "Pacific Four" competition though the full-version with Australia and New Zealand will not begin until 2022. Kickoff is set for 6pm local time, 5pm Pacific, 8pm Eastern. The USA are not far behind at 6th overall. Little can be applied from those contests given the length of time since though the Eagles will surely use the results as motivation.

Mourinho is expected to field the same XI which faced Napoli. AS Roma take on AC Milan in a blockbuster clash in Serie A action on Monday, from 1:15 AM IST onwards in Rome. It will be a major dilemma for Stefano Pioli to chose between Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Olivier Giroud to start as the lone striker for Milan, but Ibrahimovic may get the option as the Swedish striker is a goal away from reaching 400 league goals.AS Roma vs AC Milan probable XI:AS Roma Predicted Starting line-up: Rui Patricio (GK), Karsdorp, Mancini, Ibanez, Vina, Cristante, Veretout, Zaniolo, Pellegrini, El Shaarawy, Tammy AbrahamAC Milan FC Predicted Starting line-up: Tatarusanu (GK), Calabria, Kjaer, Tomori, Hernandez, Tonali, Kessie, Saelemaekers, Brahim Diaz, Leao, Zlatan IbrahimovicWhat time is the Serie A AS Roma vs AC Milan kick-off?The match is scheduled to take place on Monday at 01:15 AM IST at the Stadio Olimpico, Rome.What TV channel will show the Serie A AS Roma vs AC Milan match?The Serie A matches will be broadcasted on MTV.How can I stream the Serie A AS Roma vs AC Milan fixture?The match between AS Roma and AC Milan will be live-streamed on Voot app.Read all the Latest News, Breaking News and Coronavirus News here.

The match will take place in Strasbourg at the stadium Stade de la Meinau 05 February 2025 at 19:45. Referee of the match Wattellier, Eric from France. Live broadcast of the match will start 10 minutes before the start of the game.

Football match Strasbourg vs Angers will be available in the records immediately after the live broadcast. On our site you can find all the matches involving teams Strasbourg and Angers to record and watch them at a convenient time for you.
